1. Connect the Imu VN 100 properly. Make sure that funky pin connector is actually fully inserted into the IMU and that your USB at least flashed green once.
2. Launch the IMU using ```$ roslaunch igvc2019_lidar vn_100_cont.launch``` If this concludes with the line "Setting Imu Rate to 100" without errors or timeouts, you are good. If not take the substeps for each various issue.
	1. If you get timeouts, it most likely means your IMU isn't being read in the first place. Use ```$ sudo stty -F /dev/ttyUSB0 921600``` to set your USB port to the recommended baudrate. Check your baudrate using ```$ stty -F /dev/ttyUSB0```
	2. If permisson is denied, you may have accidentally opened the launch file in the imu_vn_100 package. We created our own launch file for a reason you know. That being aligning the sync rate and the imu rate, enabling roll-pitch-yaw, and setting the binary async mode to serial port 1.
		1. If even these settings don't work with your computer, edit the igvc2019_lidar/launch/vn_100_cont.launch file and change the binary async mode value to 1, 2, or 3.
		2. Try changing the imu rate and sync rate. Though its recommended to keep them equivalent.
		3. Try changing the baudrate to 115200 or 921600 as both are supported for some reason. 921600 is recommended obviously for its higher speed.
3. If even after all of this nothing works, troubleshoot on your own and post your solution on the issues section if you find one. While this may seem a bit dodgey, we aren't in any way, shape, or form associated with Vectornav's development. So, we really don't have any other answers beyond what is here.